feat(doc/quick_start): a new Quick Start doc (#338)
MCDReforged/MCDReforged: docs/source/quick_start/first_run.rst

First Run
=========

> Now you have installed MCDR, it's time to run it for the first time...?

Reviewer: The `...?` thing is too informal

> .. note::

Reviewer: ```rst
.. note::

	The following document uses Minecraft Java Edition server as the demonstrated daemon server,
	as it's the most common use case for MCDR

.. note::

	We assume you have basic knowledge of server management, including:

	* The Minecraft server software: what it is, how to configure it
	* Start command of Minecraft server: what it is, what its arguments mean
	* Console of the server: what it prints, commands you can send to it
	* YAML and JSON files: what they are, how to edit them

    If you have not, Google is your friend
```

Author: is this necessary? the first part below is "Minecraft Server Software" with similar statement
maybe just add some wordings such as
```
Most common use of MCDR is to control a Minecraft server. In the following section, we also use this as a demonstration

To do so, you should have a **well-configured** Minecraft server software.
```

Reviewer: It's necessary because MCDR can manage servers beyond Minecraft servers, so "knowledge of managing a Minecraft server" is not required to use MCDR. That's why a separate section on "most common use", "use Minecraft server as an example" is necessary

For how this "separate section" is organized, it's on you

Reviewer: Please note the changes to the content in https://github.com/MCDReforged/MCDReforged/pull/338#discussion_r1791426897, e.g. `what is it` -> `what it is`

    We assume you have basic knowledge of managing a Minecraft server with one of the common server softwares. Which means, you should know:

    * The Minecraft server software: what is it, how to configure it
    * Start command of Minecraft server: what is it, what its arguments mean
    * Console of the server: what it prints, commands you can send to it
    * YAML and JSON files: what they are, how to edit them
    
    If you have not, Google is your friend

Minecraft Server Software
-------------------------

Most common use of MCDR is to control a Minecraft server. In order to do that, you should have a **well-configured** Minecraft server software

For example, this is a typical directory structure of vanilla Minecraft server:

.. code-block:: text

    server/
    ├── libraries/
    ├── logs/
    ├── versions/
    ├── world/
    ├── banned-ips.json
    ├── banned-players.json
    ├── eula.txt
    ├── ops.json
    ├── server.jar
    ├── server.properties
    ├── usercache.json
    └── whitelist.json

With this command to start it:

.. code-block:: bash

>     java -Xmx1024M -Xms1024M -jar server.jar nogui

Reviewer: Use this, keep them synchronized

https://github.com/MCDReforged/MCDReforged/blob/8231d850241e12f849b80771c3aca62fae230475/mcdreforged/resources/default_config.yml#L29

With this command to start it:

.. code-block:: bash

    java -Xms1G -Xmx2G -jar minecraft_server.jar nogui

You can also use other servers, such as Fabric, Spigot, Paper, etc.

.. tip::

    Configure and troubleshoot your server **BEFORE** you introduce MCDR. Otherwise, you can't distinguish whether a problem is caused by MCDR or your server

>     MCDR was born as a daemon for common servers of Minecraft: Java Edition. Most plugins are predicated on that. If you want to run MCDR with a Bedrock Edition server, consider using a Java Edition server with `GeyserMC <https://geysermc.org/>`__ to provide Bedrock Edition compatibility

Reviewer: JE + Geyser is not a workaround if user does want a BE server

I think you can just remove "If you want to run MCDR with a Bedrock Edition server, consider using a Java Edition server with `GeyserMC <https://geysermc.org/>`__ to provide Bedrock Edition compatibility" since it does not completely resolve the problem, and we won't need to update it if a new native solution is found in the future

Author: sounds fair

    :rows: 10

|

Configure
---------

Server Software
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Remember the server software you have prepared? Put it into the ``server`` folder. The directory structure should be something like this:

.. code-block:: diff

        my_mcdr_server/
        ├─ config/
        ├─ logs/
        │   └─ MCDR.log
        ├─ plugins/
        ├─ server/
    ++  │   ├─ ...
    ++  │   ├─ server.jar
    ++  │   └─ server.properties
        ├─ config.yml
        └─ permission.yml

Config File
~~~~~~~~~~~

Then, edit the ``config.yml`` file to configure MCDR. You can find more information about this in :doc:`/configuration`

For most users, there are 4 parts of the configuration that you need to be aware of

- :ref:`configuration:language`: the language using in MCDR
- :ref:`configuration:start_command`: how MCDR starts your server
- :ref:`configuration:handler`: how MCDR read your server outputs
- :ref:`configuration:encoding, decoding`: how MCDR handles the server IO stream

Read each section carefully and make sure you filled in the correct values.

As a simple example, this is all you need to aware for a vanilla Minecraft 1.21 server with Java 21:

.. code-block:: yaml

>     language: en_us

Reviewer: `language` is not required here

Author: it's listed above for zh_cn users
```rst
- :ref:`configuration:language`: the language using in MCDR
```
so here it is for consistency

Reviewer: "this is all you need to aware for a vanilla Minecraft 1.21 server with Java 21", and `langage` is not necessary for correctly running a vanilla Minecraft 1.21 server with MCDR

Author: sounds fair

First Run
=========

Now, you have installed MCDR, it's time to run it for the first time

.. note::

    The most common use of MCDR is to control a Minecraft server, so we also take this as the demonstrated use case here

.. tip::

>     To manage a Minecraft server with MCDR, it is recommended to have basic knowledge of common Minecraft servers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    To manage a Minecraft server with MCDR, it is recommended to have some basic understanding of common Minecraft servers
```

>     To manage Minecraft server with MCDR, It is recommended to have basic knowledge of common Minecraft server softwares

Reviewer: Notes that "YAML and JSON files" are not part of common Minecraft server softwares, so I'll suggest to change this line to something like "have basic knowledge of Minecraft server management"

    
    Which means, you should know:

    * The Minecraft servers: what they are, how to configure (one of) them
    * Start command of Minecraft server: what it is, what its arguments mean
    * Console of the server: what it prints, what command can you send to it
    * How to manage the server: configure, mods / plugins etc.
    
    If you have not, Google is your friend

Prepare
-------

To manage a Minecraft server with MCDR, you should have a **well-configured** Minecraft server

For example, this is the typical directory structure of a vanilla Minecraft server:

.. code-block:: text

    server/
    ├── libraries/
    ├── logs/
    ├── versions/
    ├── world/
    ├── banned-ips.json
    ├── banned-players.json
    ├── eula.txt
    ├── ops.json
    ├── minecraft_server.jar
    ├── server.properties
    ├── usercache.json
    └── whitelist.json

With this command to start it:

.. code-block:: bash

> 

Reviewer: Append a `cd server` inside the code block

Author: maybe change the directory name to `.`  instead of adding the cd command

Reviewer: up to you

----------

Let's say you are going to start MCDR in a folder named ``my_mcdr_server``. Then you can run the following commands to initialize the environment for MCDR:

.. code-block:: bash

    cd my_mcdr_server
    mcdreforged init

MCDR will generate its default structure like this:

.. code-block::

    my_mcdr_server/
     ├─ config/
     ├─ logs/
     │   └─ MCDR.log
     ├─ plugins/
     ├─ server/
     ├─ config.yml
     └─ permission.yml

Animated demo:

.. asciinema:: resources/init.cast
    :rows: 10

|

Configure
---------

Server
~~~~~~

Remember the server you prepared? Put it into the ``server`` folder. The directory structure should be something like this:

.. code-block:: diff

        my_mcdr_server/
        ├─ config/
        ├─ logs/
        │   └─ MCDR.log
        ├─ plugins/
        ├─ server/
    ++  │   ├─ ...
    ++  │   ├─ minecraft_server.jar
    ++  │   └─ server.properties
        ├─ config.yml
        └─ permission.yml

Config File
~~~~~~~~~~~

Then, edit the ``config.yml`` file to configure MCDR. You can find more information about this in :doc:`/configuration`

For most users, there are 4 parts of the configuration that you need to be aware of

> - :ref:`configuration:language`: the language using in MCDR

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :ref:`configuration:language`: the language used in MCDR
```

- :ref:`configuration:start_command`: how MCDR starts your server
- :ref:`configuration:handler`: how MCDR reads your server outputs
- :ref:`configuration:encoding, decoding`: how MCDR handles the server IO stream

Read each section carefully and make sure you fill in the correct values.

As a simple example, these are the ones you need to be aware of for a vanilla Minecraft 1.21 server with Java 21:

.. code-block:: yaml

    start_command: java -Dfile.encoding=UTF-8 -Dstdout.encoding=UTF-8 -Dstderr.encoding=UTF-8 -Xms1G -Xmx2G -jar minecraft_server.jar nogui

    handler: vanilla_handler

    encoding: utf8
    decoding: utf8

> If you're confusing about why this command is much longer than we mentioned earlier, read the **encoding, decoding** section again

Reviewer: a ref link here will be more helpful, since here's where the user might get confused

```suggestion
If you're confusing about why this command is much longer than we mentioned earlier, read the :ref:`configuration:encoding, decoding` section again
```

RCON
~~~~

> Optionally, you may enable the RCON protocol to make some specific plugins work properly or more efficiently. Check the details in :ref:`configuration:rcon`

Reviewer: tbh, I should really move the RCON feature into a plugin, instead of inside MCDR. Maybe that's one of the MCDR 3.0 TODO items

as for the present, just remove this RCON section to avoid making user thinks about that MCDR might requires RCON To work

Prepare
-------

To manage a Minecraft server with MCDR, you should have a **well-configured** Minecraft server software

For example, this is a typical directory structure of vanilla Minecraft server:

.. code-block:: text

    server/
    ├── libraries/
    ├── logs/
    ├── versions/
    ├── world/
    ├── banned-ips.json
    ├── banned-players.json
    ├── eula.txt
    ├── ops.json
    ├── server.jar
    ├── server.properties
    ├── usercache.json
    └── whitelist.json

With this command to start it:

.. code-block:: bash

    java -Xms1G -Xmx2G -jar minecraft_server.jar nogui

You can also use other server software, such as Fabric, Spigot, Paper, etc.

.. tip::

    Configure and troubleshoot your server software **BEFORE** you introduce MCDR. Otherwise, you can't distinguish whether a problem is caused by MCDR or your server software

    MCDR was born as a daemon for common server softwares of Minecraft: Java Edition. Most plugins are predicated on that. If you want to run MCDR with a Bedrock Edition server, consider using Java Edition server software with `GeyserMC <https://geysermc.org/>`__ to provide Bedrock Edition compatibility

>     Of course, if you don't need the MCDR plugin community, you can run anything you want with MCDR

Reviewer: "don’t need the MCDR plugin community" sounds weird

```suggestion
    Of course, if you don't need to used those existing plugins designed for Minecraft server, you can run any programs you want with MCDR
```

Initialize
----------

After MCDR has been installed, you can verify the installation with the following command:

.. code-block-mcdr-version:: bash

    $ mcdreforged
    MCDReforged v@@MCDR_VERSION@@

Let's say your are going to start MCDR in a folder named ``my_mcdr_server``. Then you can run the following commands to initialize the environment for MCDR:

.. code-block:: bash

    cd my_mcdr_server
    mcdreforged init

MCDR will generate its default structure like this:

.. code-block::

    my_mcdr_server/
     ├─ config/
     ├─ logs/
     │   └─ MCDR.log
     ├─ plugins/
     ├─ server/
     ├─ config.yml
     └─ permission.yml

Animated demo:

> .. asciinema:: resources/init.cast

Reviewer: What shell environment has the given behavior that will echo the name of the `cd`-ed directory

```
~ $ cd my_mcdr_server/                                                                                                  
my_mcdr_server $ mcdreforged init 
```
